Fixes titles for consistency and sentence casing (#19336)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_box_model/index.md

- {{CSSxRef("margin-top")}}
- {{CSSxRef("margin-trim")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

> ### Properties for controlling the paddings of a box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Properties for controlling the padding for a box
```

?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Properties controlling the paddings for a box
```
?

Author: "Properties for controlling the padding for a box" seems good. Thanks!
